Add different certificate signature algorithms to benchmarks (#4080)
aws/s2n-tls: bindings/rust/bench/README.md

### Certificate generation

> All certs are stored in `certs/` and can be regenerated using `certs/generate_certs.sh`. There is one root cert that directly signs the server and client certs that are used in benchmarking. We currently bench `P-384`, `RSA-2048`, and `RSA-4096` certs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All certs are stored in `certs/` and can be regenerated using `certs/generate_certs.sh`. There is one root cert that directly signs the server and client certs that are used in benchmarking. We currently bench RSA and ECDSA certs.
```
Curves and auth methods aren't the same.
